19.1 Write a function to swap a number in place without temporary variables.


19.2 Design an algorithm to figure out if someone has won in a game of tic-tac-toe.


19.3 Write an algorithm which computes the number of trailing zeros in n factorial.


19.4 Write a method which finds the maximum of two numbers. You should not use if-else or any other comparison operator.
EXAMPLE
Input: 5, 10
Output: 10


19.5 The Game of Master Mind is played as follows:
The computer has four slots containing balls that are red (R), yellow (Y), green (G) or blue (B). For example, the computer might have RGGB (e.g., Slot #1 is red, Slots #2 and #3 are green, Slot #4 is blue).
You, the user, are trying to guess the solution. You might, for example, guess YRGB.
When you guess the correct color for the correct slot, you get a “hit”. If you guess a color that exists but is in the wrong slot, you get a “pseudo-hit”. For example, the guess YRGB has 2 hits and one pseudo hit.
For each guess, you are told the number of hits and pseudo-hits.
Write a method that, given a guess and a solution, returns the number of hits and pseudo hits.


19.6 Given an integer between 0 and 999,999, print an English phrase that describes the integer (eg, “One Thousand, Two Hundred and Thirty Four”).


19.7 You are given an array of integers (both positive and negative). Find the continuous sequence with the largest sum. Return the sum.
EXAMPLE
Input: {2, -8, 3, -2, 4, -10}
Output: 5 (i.e., {3, -2, 4} )


19.8 Design a method to find the frequency of occurrences of any given word in a book.


19.9 Since XML is very verbose, you are given a way of encoding it where each tag gets mapped to a pre-defined integer value. The language/grammar is as follows:
Element --> Element Attr* END Element END [aka, encode the element
t
ag, then its attributes, then tack on an END character, then
e
ncode its children, then another end tag]
Attr --> Tag Value [assume all values are strings]
END --> 01
Tag --> some predefined mapping to int
Value --> string value END
Write code to print the encoded version of an xml element (passed in as string).
FOLLOW UP
Is there anything else you could do to (in many cases) compress this even further?


19.10 Write a method to generate a random number between 1 and 7, given a method that generates a random number between 1 and 5 (i.e., implement rand7() using rand5()).


19.11 Design an algorithm to find all pairs of integers within an array which sum to a specified value.